This is yet another "accurate" intervalometer (that is, it uses
get_tick_count to take frames at exact intervals rather than after
specific delays, so small variances in shooting time don't affect the
frame rate). Takes the frame delay (e.g. 5 seconds) and the shooting
time (e.g. 1 hour 30 minutes), or "endless" to ignore the delay, the
script will run until you press SET (or the shutter button) to stop
it. For reasons outlined below, exit the script using SET, not the
shutter button.  Extra features: During the inter-frame delays you can
use the Display button (to turn it off to save power).  The script can
"pre-focus" then lock the focus; this slightly speeds up shooting
time, and avoids annoying focus changes during shooting. Press SET to
end the script early and restore auto-focus. If you interrupt the
script using the shutter button, you'll need to turn the camera off
and on to restore autofocus. (So don't do that.) To enable pre-focus,
set the "Focus" option to "Start" (1). To disable, set it to "Every"
(0).  The script can optionally turn the display off after a set
number of frames, to save power; as above you can turn the screen on
again temporarily to see progress, and the script will turn it off
again. For example, setting "Display off frame" to 3, the camera will
turn the display off after the third frame. (Possibly the fourth,
depending on how many display modes it has to cycle through). Press
SET to exit cleanly and restore the display. If you interrupt the
script using the shutter button, you'll need to turn the display back
on manually. Set "Display off frame" to 0 to disable turning off the
display.  Script Code (save as "lapse.lua" to your /CHDK/SCRIPTS/
folder - note the .lua - this is a Lua script, not a uBasic script.)
